refactor: use inteface to set the merging strategy (#46)
Agile-Arch-Angels/decentralized-tech-radar_dev: docs/dev_docs/merger_strategies.md

# Preface

*WIP: This document will be updated throughout the project.*

# Merger strategies

Merger strategies are used by the merger for merging multiple specfiles into one. The merger strategy defines how merging is done. It defines how writing to the buffer, that is written to the final file, is done and what is written.

All merge strategies need to implement the `MergeStrat` interface from [Merger](./merger.md). This requires that the function `MergeFiles(buffer *bytes.Buffer, filepaths ...string) error` is implemented by the struct for the merging strategy. 

## Creating a Merge strategy

> To create a new merge strategy can be done by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a new merge strategy can be done by:
```

- Creating a new file in the Merger package
- Create a struct for the merger strategy
- Implement the interface on the struct

The struct for the new merge strategy can now be used when calling the merger.

# Existing merger strategies

> ## First Come, First Served

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fcfs: First Come, First Served
```
